# cc2640-ble-broadcaster
Simple application that implements a BLE broadcaster on TI's CC2640 chip. Suitable for testing
the CC2640 or performing some basic tasks.

This application **does not** use TI-RTOS and **does not** use TI's BLE stack. Its only dependency
is TI's *CC26XXWARE* driverlib, which contains low-level drivers for all peripherals in the chip.

## How it works

### How did you do it?

Fortunately, the RF part is well-enough documented in the CC26XX reference manual, so that
a simple BLE appication can be written using the RF doorbell interface directly.

### Why doesn't it do more?

Anything more (ie. any application that would require a connection) seems somewhat more complex
as you would need to basically implement the whole BLE link layer for yourself. This may not be
so hard if you read the radio documentation in detail, but then you still have to make a GAP,
ATT, GATT, etc. implementation for yourself.

These are not covered in this app.

### How do I configure this for my own board?

Actually, this app doesn't use any external peripherals, so the only thing
you need is to configure the chip for your RF front-end use. This app is
configured for differential operation with internal bias. (So if that's what
you use, no need to configure anything.)

To configure the RF front-end:

* Review your RF PCB layout and design
* Find the following file in the BLE stack: *ble_sdk_2_02_00_31/src/icall/app/ble_user_config.c*
* Find the appropriate overrides in the *ble_user_config.c* file
* Open *src/rf.c* in this app and replace the *ble_overrides* with what you found in *ble_user_config.c*
* Save *rf.c*, and you're done.

### How do you use this for RF testing?

Simple. Just uncomment the needed parts in *src/main.c*

## Project structure

### Directory structure

* src: custom source files
* driverlib: CC26XXWARE code from TI
* inc: CC26XXWARE code from TI
* startup: startup file and linker config file from CC26XXWARE
* targetConfigs: generated by Code Composer Studio for CC2640





